hey everybody welcome back to northern
land please minding my schedule plus
we've been doing random runs that's
right I mean the last run I remember we
diplopia into the greatest run of all
time nothing could stop us over Judas
okay so this is like it's like a
hangover Judas I'm scared because it
wasn't necessarily recent but it wasn't
altogether that long ago that we had
like that triple loss with Judas kw9 3fh
m6 dude you just described my favorite
issue of FHM FHM six that's the one it's
got the Sofia Vergara on the cover six
easy exercises to get six-pack abs and
six weeks or less and if it's got that
many sixes you know it's got to be true
it's got numerical alliteration no
shouting no shouting allowed okay now
there's a great opportunity for
hugglemas ruin right here it's a good
Agha laws sometimes you have a Huggle
laws and you go and you know what
respectable you're trying to do haggle
laws but that one wasn't really on point
this hog allows you look at it and you
go that's a mighty fine hog laws that's
as mighty as the wine that Jeremiah who
was a bullfrog had is this sentence
sensible I don't think so okay we got
stimulus cells regen I don't think I've
ever used this intentionally if I've
ever had regen from it I think it's been
accidental I'm actually going to look it
up I've been looking up trinkets lately
to try to shore up my eyes acknowledge
that's a great pickup so stem cells I
know not stem cells ethics stem cells
Issac heals for half a heart upon
traveling to the next floor so I got a
close Skype there I got a message from
Daniel gisli here's the thing I really
do not need to record players on known
battlegrounds I have so much in backlog
but whenever Dan asked me if we want to
record I'm always like yes I can't I
can't stay away I asked if you wanted to
record later tonight and I said yes and
he said let's duck and go and you know
what that means in the Gea's parlance
that means too low thinking we local
come on homey we major we major
absolutely correct so this run is not
it's not set in stone that it's an easy
Judas win yet but we got the tools to go
to school and we got the knowledge to
get us into college here creep shots are
mostly not relevant I also as mentioned
you know heels for half a heart upon
going to the next floor not every
trinket has to be the best trinket in
the game or even in the running for the
best trinket in the game but I will say
this would be better if it at least like
if you were full-on red hearts it gave
me like half of spirit heart that would
make it more usable as is right now
rarely at least in my world do I end up
creating Isaac runs where where you have
a lot of red hearts and they're not all
full that doesn't happen too often so we
don't have a we don't have a spirit
heart for purchase in here so I'm going
to blow up the tinted rock back here I
do want an arcade but it's Judas we
don't need an arcade immediately if we
can get an arcade you know we're still
gonna have a chance at it actually if we
can get an arcade buy you know two
floors from now or two floors from the
next floor then that's good but we don't
need one immediately maybe we'll be able
to take advantage of one but we don't
necessarily need one this is a secret
room presumably and gave us two bombs so
it was worth it if we can find our
second secret room and pick up like an
eternal heart or for runes etc etc my
favorite Quentin Tarantino film then
that would be decent alright so we
basically just threw away the two bombs
that we got but whatever life goes on we
got everything going you know coming up
millhouse right now for us right now
we're Judas we got a great rate of fire
bonus from our first boss the HP
situation is temporarily sorted and you
know we have a decent consumable setup
as well come to mob was set up as course
what I meant to say
what is the weirdest soup you've ever
eaten I'm trying to think of this
because there's so many different soups
but I feel like we in I say we but I
don't know you know you may not relate
to this watching this episode in Canada
at least there's like 10 soups I don't
know what you're going to say there's
more than 10 soups but let's be honest
you got tomato chicken noodle French
onion and by the way if you start going
oh and chicken noodle what about chicken
and rice not it's the same soup I know
that they're you know one's different
than the other one in terms of the
carbohydrate that's embedded in but come
on that's the same soup
if you said can I get chicken noodle
soup except instead of noodles can I
have rice in it that's still a chicken
noodle soup with rice and no noodles in
my opinion anyway you know you got
garden vegetable what about beef stew
that's not a soup is it called beef soup
I don't think so you got Italian Wedding
soup with a little tiny meatballs in it
but in the end you know there's not that
many soups and not many of them are
weird I've talked about work potlucks
before and and out I always hate that at
least of the offices that I've worked at
anytime there's a work potluck it ends
up being a cornucopia of
mayonnaise-based salads macaroni salad
you know egg salad chicken salad not a
big fan I'm a mixed green salad man
personally you know no jell-o molds
please but I actually I worked at an
office at one point in which someone
brought in gazpacho dude that's pretty
swell great opportunity to pick up some
bombs somebody brought in gazpacho and
for those of you unfamiliar with what
gazpacho is it's a cold soup that's like
basically it's like a like a savory or
salsa basically but it's a soup and
nobody else in the office wanted to eat
it because you know I don't want to I
don't want to be ages here but the older
you get the more set in your ways I
think most people tend to get in that
day like if you're 14 that probably
doesn't apply because when you buddy
when you're 17 you're they try all sorts
of new stuff I promise you but you know
if you're 25 you at 25
you had 50 you're probably going to be a
little bit more risk-averse nobody so
everybody the ovens Laval you know I'll
just have the fried chicken and macaroni
salad you know I only have one lunch per
day I want to make sure I mean something
I like but I was like dude nobody's
touching this homemade gazpacho I went
nuts on that gazpacho I ate it and I was
like the only one who even tried it and
it was delicious and then the lady who
made it was like I'm so glad you like
the gazpacho you know I make it all the
time but like nobody likes it and then
she came in the next day and she gave me
like a big pot of gazpacho
look that's awesome now as gazpacho the
weirdest probably pronouncing it weirdly
as well is it the weirdest soup I've
ever eaten I don't know you know it
depends on your tolerance I guess for
Korean cuisine some even some weird some
weird Asian soups you know soups that
are like spam and ramen noodles and it's
slice of Kraft cheddar cheese budae
jjigae and you know there's ganja Tong
which is like it's potato stew but it's
got like pork spine it but it's like
fantastic but I don't know man I think
back to that gazpacho the cold soup and
I I remember it fondly and it just goes
to show you you know don't be afraid to
bring despacho to your potluck although
I will say it didn't win her any favors
in the office I was basically a
temporary employee so it wasn't like you
know she was I was her boss and she's
gonna work her way up through the
company as a result of the gazpacho is
really just out of the goodness of her
heart she gave me the extra gazpacho but
you know you're probably does if I ever
if we work in an office a YouTube office
or something and there's a potluck I'm
gonna be the dude who brings like nachos
I'll be like little slurry guys look
forego the gazpacho I just went down the
street to that sports bar you like him
bought us all nachos everyone's going to
be like this guy is the best
I don't care about that shop
people like things that they they've had
before and they know that they like it
that's that's natural human nature dude
now that I think about it I'm actually
so off-base with like the with the
office potluck thing because we used to
not we but I used to work in Korea at a
school and in case you didn't you know I
didn't mention that for the last 45
seconds and sometimes like if there was
a field trip so they were like parents
there they were chaperoning they would
bring in a bunch of kimbap which is
basically like a for lack of a better
word you can look it up yourselves ki
MBA p but it's basically a sushi roll
that probably doesn't have fish although
sometimes it does have fish and they
bring in like a homemade kimbap and give
it to all the teachers I didn't even
teach their kids I just I showed up to
the office like at 3:00 p.m. for the for
the later classes and they're like hey
by the way there's like a bunch of free
kimbap here I'm like at dude it's like
I've got the surrogate Korean
mother-in-law or something like that now
I have like a literal Korean
mother-in-law so you know I still get
that I mean not homemade kimbap cuz you
go down the street and get some for like
you know two bucks but you get the idea
I don't really want shade on this run
like it's not very good is the thing so
I'll take gimpy which I love but shade
is irrelevant for us there's run by the
way like we've barely been talking about
it I've been talking about potlucks and
people are probably like what are you
doing
feels like I'm walking on sunshine house
my house my ridiculous
decent probably not that's okay but
there's nothing to talk about on this
run it's just like really really good we
have seven damage we have seven rate of
fire both of those are positive we got
one of the most universally liked
respected space bar items in the game
went from it's a great redemption Ark
you know it's like the Most Improved
Player Award this used to be something
that I would conceive and not the item
the punching bag which is also a
punching bag in this sense but um you
know it was kind of I didn't like it at
all and then I'm now like the quality of
this item is is ridiculously improved
and we take it all the time and I'm
always happy to do so because of the
ass charge and damage output so there is
always potential for this to backslide
into terribleness but the odds of that
are very low you know as Judas we've
gotten everything gotten damaged
upgrades we've gotten enough HP to
survive
we got deal with the devil president
which means that it's very very unlikely
that we squander this run as long as we
have enough HP to keep ourselves moving
we have an engine that generates a lot
of momentum we do not have two keys
though hmm okay so Tammy said rarer and
in my opinion a little better then then
shoopdawhoop although they both
definitely have their uses like
shoopdawhoop is much better here but
Tammy said also better potential for
future improvements I think so I mean
you don't even go down the list of
things that are good with Tammy's head
now like half of you are going talk more
about the potluck I don't know I love
talking about food it's just I mean I
don't want to be controversial but I
think food is delicious most of it at
least and you're going to say NL but
what about the foods that aren't
delicious yo but what if the foods that
aren't delicious to you are delicious to
me you know that's the thing give me a
luck upgrade please I understand being a
picky eater
I have lived that for a long time
anecdotally as I've told you may if
you've watched these videos long enough
when I was when I was a kid even up
until the age of like 16 17 didn't need
rice it's too many of one food it wasn't
like a principal thing it was just like
why don't you like 15 grains of rice
when I could just be one stick of potato
and accomplish the same amount you know
it was ridiculous but it I was like I
don't really like it that was as madness
rice is delicious you know
I don't I don't like the coupon I know
it gives you free deals with the devil
how often is it relevant to get a free
deal with the devil occasionally how
often is it relevant to you know smack
every enemy on the room for a ton of
damage
always always that's that's my principle
the opinion on the matter here I didn't
need soup is watery food
who wants a watery food you know I'll
just just and I think oh is it Austin or
now it's definitely Austin Rob's like a
he's an anti picky eater but Austin's
opinion is the same as it was when I was
a child or mez mine was when I was a
child it's like why would I want it
just give me the chicken and the noodles
don't give me the soup portion it's
patently ridiculous you know there's
different foods for different purposes
but you can choose to believe whatever
he wants to please give me a key here
and died I didn't need any desserts I'm
still not really a dessert guy everyone
whenever I tell that to people they
always go oh no sweet tooth how you're
lucky and I'm like that really if you
put me in front of a a bag of like well
let's say it's open you put me in front
of a bag of open potato chips all those
potato chips are gone the only chance I
have did not eat the whole bag of potato
chips nearly regardless of its size is
to exercise the self-control to keep it
closed in the first place is if it ever
gets open they're gone dude they're
dusted but straight up you could leave
me in a room with like you know the best
chocolate chip cookies ever made and I'd
be like yeah you know I'd like to try it
but I don't need to eat that chocolate
chip cookie if I eat one harvest cheddar
sonship I'm like I need to eat every
harvest cheddar sonship that is in this
room right now that's actually like I
think I might be turning 50 years old
this here I just you can't leave me
alone with these SunChips somebody take
these away from me something about that
that multigrain goodness man I'm not
suggesting SunChips are good for you
good I mean in the end it is still you
know
it's a like fried salted potato chip
acceptance oh yeah they're better for
you cuz instead of potatoes they use
sunflowers no I don't know if I buy that
I don't know if I buy that for one
flippin second dude this floor is too
large
give me the gup-e dream oh he's done it
he didn't get anything for it but he did
do it anyway what was I talking about
I don't remember it doesn't matter what
your name is we're gonna make boss rush
do we do we desire it I don't know but
anyway the oh that was on the picky
eater tangent the one thing I will say
is I get you you know I'm like the I'm
the guidance counselor who was like a
cut-up in high school and then I'm like
you should really think about applying
to colleges to give you some structure
in your life I was like you one day you
know me and my friends we didn't go to
class that I actually was diligent but
you know in this picky eater context I'm
with you is what I'm trying to say thank
you for the damage bonus um everyone's
always hassling you especially you're
like you know I don't really like fish
oh well you gotta try you know they did
a better example actually it's like I
don't like seafood Jeb what about crab I
don't like seafood yeah but you have to
like Lobster though you know people if
you're picky eater they take it it's
like a personal crusade to get you to
stop being a picky eater and you can't
convince them and it's because you're
lying and I don't want to put you on the
spot here but if you're like no I don't
really like I don't really want to try
that food it's like you're lying to
yourself it's probably pretty delicious
you should give it a shot whenever I
talk to people and some of you out there
I like this and I just want to grab you
by the shoulders and say what is wrong
with you although this is a relatively
minor issue for this particular
situation people go oh yeah I like
lettuce but I don't like kale I eat so
much of both to counteract the Sun ship
poisoning they're the same food I know
they're not and like you know
today details a little firmer and it's
got like a slightly no I mean yeah like
a little bit they're the same food I
don't know where I'm going with this one
anyway if you're picky eater you'll
figure it out
I will say try to try to sort it out
because there's a chance that you and
your life you know you may you may be
destined for amazing things you may it
sometimes have to go you know travel to
other countries and if you do that's not
what we want but it's interesting if you
do yeah let's go all but with Tammy's
head is so dangerous what are you doing
just putting money and then like to
donate if you do it's going to help you
out a lot too to be open-minded about
cuisine at least I know you know when I
when I moved to Korea apparently this is
the Korea episode when I moved to Korea
I was not a particularly picky eater and
I was like not as cool and narrowly
learned as I would consider myself to
this day basically I wasn't a snob
unlike today um but I was open to
everything you know I was like oh you
want to have like you know tofu soup for
lunch never had it doesn't seem like my
sort of thing but let's give it a shot
but I was there with people like one
dude was a vegetarian nothing wrong with
that but he also didn't like spicy food
something really wrong with that if
you're living in Korea like you you're
going to be in a hard place like I know
you can't help it you don't like spicy
food but you know you're limiting
yourself on one extent because
vegetarianism is not really that popular
there and even what they think of as
vegetarian commonly also involves eating
fish so if you don't eat fish is going
to make it even on it you're limiting
yourself even more but then like to not
enjoy spicy food you're in a real tight
spot
you know you got a you got to open up
otherwise you might end up even like I
mean the first week that I lived there I
didn't know anybody or anything I bought
like a bunch of pepperoni from the
convenience store and basically just
like ate that so you know
trust me when I tell you you don't want
to go down that road if you can avoid it
but anyway you got time you probably got
time I don't know maybe you're like
thirty but you got time it's also really
nice you know you even group of like
five or six people when they go what do
you want to eat and you go anything's
good with me but to actually mean it cuz
you know I previously in my life had
been that guy you know and I was younger
what do you want to eat oh you know what
do you want to eat how about some sushi
alright I really like raw fish actually
how about Mexican food oh you know I
don't really understand the concept of a
tortilla why don't they just put it on
bread you know and it just becomes
ridiculous you know you're like what do
you want to eat what what fits into your
arbitrary dietary concerns
I don't like faith reward in our
situation here Joker card against
humanity anyway this this episode has
been like literally 100% off topic and
that's cool sometimes those are the best
episodes at least it's not another
motivating talk about how oh you can do
it I don't know what the point of having
hoggle eyes is I don't do bozo is like
the actual ultimate who cares item yeah
okay like bozo does nothing for us here
I think although it might occasionally
give us rainbow poop so who knows dude
we could come on with the speed downs we
could justify doing boss rush I mean if
you got the money honey I got the time
but beyond this we have the damage as
well and although it's dangerous we
could kill enemies pretty easily with
our ipecac setup case that's not
abundantly clear what I know I refused
to bet oh no wait that was the boss
fight yes silly
so we can basically stand in like 1% of
this boss fight it's enough to get the
job done apparently take this at least
look so I mean did the problem here that
none of these actually do anything for
us so in a way I'm actually you might be
surprised what I'm kind of concerned
about the way that this run is going
only because HP is not you know full we
don't have any other defensive items
perks okay and if a CAC for as much as I
love it and I sincerely do it's an item
that has the potential to backfire
especially on a curse of the blind floor
like trying to think what could what
could screw us considering we don't have
item rooms so I mean it's not like we're
going to get strange attractor we could
get cursed I which wouldn't actually be
that bad because the thing with ipecac
is you want to watch out for like you
know anything that that multiplies your
tears is particularly terrible like the
parasite for example but cursed I I mean
any enemy that got hit with cursed I
would probably die pretty quickly which
is a it's good enough for me to be at
least reasonably excited about it
this is extremely useful and we're kind
of I mean we have 100% deal with the
devil chance here so as far as I'm
concerned life's really good in that
department we can get nine lives like
I'm very confident we can beat pretty
much any boss
given enough attempts I wish I'd kept
shoopdawhoop though don't I wish I kept
shoopdawhoop though because so much
better damage dealer given our
circumstances but still anytime you got
50 damage as long as you're not actively
hurting yourself over and over it's hard
to complain I'll take them both let's go
for contract from below let's go little
delirium let's go these are both not
that good
but we're out and we maybe shouldn't
have done that but here we are here's a
little song I wrote about if the CAC and
it's melts you if you're not paying
attention asperities going nowhere
you're gonna get hit by the pickaxe
thank God for no beams ultra light or
otherwise in every run there can be
explosions and play with logics on play
emotionally if the CAC is part of a
healthy run stack okay we're out of here
what makes you large or addicted are you
a wizard okay well I mean are you a
wizard gives us a great opportunity to
spend some time improving ourselves just
HP dog s it it's all we need take as
long as you have any strength gives us
the opportunity to play that demon
judgment we're probably not going to
fight hush regardless of what happens so
I'm not worried about our money even if
this is an inefficient way to improve
ourselves as long as what we get is half
decent I'm okay with it and at least I'm
not talking about being a picky eater
anymore okay I mean I have given you
like 40 cents so if you want to pay out
with you know your terminal reward I
would be very happy about it here's a
little song I am writing to pass the
time well I'm not fighting this judgment
is a jerk hold although I gave him so
much money he took too long to pay out
it's funny don't worry these
we should use walking on sunshine to get
some demon judge some demon judgement
demon love new DTD okay so here's what
you mean we obviously like you go to
town here oh so now we can use the
strength card in here we're still like
killing it come on dude you know you got
me here these are the plays that can I'm
not going to say win you the game but
take us from a weird position into a
totally fine position honestly I'm okay
taking a range down I don't want to
leave well strength is still active
because like I mean we have to at some
point but I figured it was worth going
for broke here and it takes us as long
as it takes us you know the demon
judgement pick up can be so useful I
think that's the first time I've seen
gimpy pay out fun on this whole run I
think it's the first time okay well I
mean we got some potato peeler I am I
should have been hit there that was a
moronic dodge but there's really no
there's no concern I think in our
present situation like I'm happy with
our permanent polaroid invincibility I
think permanent polaroid invincibility
is worth keeping what we should be
worried about is just making sure oh I
mean we got to look sorry we do want the
ability to fly that's gonna be worth it
and you know what Tami's good play Tammy
said is actually doing nothing for us
we should mystery sack thanks for the
mammaries dude the other pill verb feels
like I'm walking on sunshine he's done
it so we should take this and just use
it because Tammy's head is doing nothing
so now we can fly oh well okay we got HP
coming on the next floor the idea is of
course great angel item the last few if
attack runs we've had have actually
wow what a deflection that's just idiocy
but have actually made me feel like epic
hack is a bad item and that's wrong if a
cake is a great item we're using it
badly but also having it in some
situations where it's suboptimal what
face reward like shot the ipecac back
into my own face how it's got to go okay
now your dusted
what my HP maybe if you didn't need so
much gazpacho you'd be able to beat the
binding of issac afterbirth plus NL he's
potentially done it you got to go okay
we live don't ever do that again
Oh be happy oh don't worry
Sacred Heart now I can't resist though
what was such a deflection again if
someone getting deflect deflect deflect
deflect in you you know what that got
the heart rate pumping a little bit and
that's got me feeling good I honestly
think that little burst of adrenaline is
going to help us out today
obviously I'd love to keep our eternal
heart alive we have so much damage that
to die would just be an embarrassment
but you know we should also 100% did it
to ourselves so I'm not going to act
like you know the run has screwed us
it's really it's the fact that we're not
shooting one AMPA CAC shot we were
shooting multiple attack jobs sometimes
three because we have faith reward and
then the Incubus occasionally from the
like little delirium
compass yah I mean if when every run
there is some spicy if you do it you'll
do it nicely
secret room is not a secret room Bobby
McFerrin is gonna sue me to death but he
seems like such a nice guy he's always
saying don't worry be happy this is a
lawyer penned called Salmons bringing a
checkbook you pay in dozens I'm sue when
you are in lecture will property theft
okay Wow
I mean we don't need to keep this
internal heart alive but it it would be
like a blessing just make it down to the
next floor I didn't even take breath of
life by the way because I I don't want
to saddle myself with the baggage of
trying to use that crap item properly
I'd rather have no item he's done it
good Dodge
ok 3 HP jeez 3 HP and 48 damaged what
could go wrong just give me a pyromaniac
from chief maximum safety cool blank
card I like it all to be honest with you
yeah I mean I don't like that one but
all we need is a rune a ruin of any
usefulness and we're like completely set
we're firing a lot more frequently now
which is mostly good obviously like we
have greater outs now like a hero font
card wins us the game and an algae's
rune probably wins us a game and a de
gAHS ruin probably wins us the game um
trying to think of I mean a nampara card
wins us the game many different ways in
which we could achieve our objective on
this one so a couple of ways we could
obviously completely squander it don't
jump as long as you don't jump we're
good dude I prefer if you didn't do that
but that's an unrealistic ask we have
five luck five luck to me is is items
and this is where remember we paid we
kind of paid out the butthole for it too
we paid for a contract from below
contract from below is mostly an
investment in our future
so I almost popped addicted there I feel
okay dude I'm telling you this is the
summer of brownie brownie has become the
most hated enemy in Isaac history I
popped addicted and then just like let's
bounce
that's perfect thank you very much
brownie is just like such a hard counter
to so many different kinds of runs hey
you got to run that shoots explosions
that's going to be a little bit of a
problem because every square of the room
is now surrounded by enemies by the way
he's also chasing you down constantly so
like enjoy never being able to do
anything okay I mean our flies are going
to do a ton of damage so now it's a two
brownies huh on the bright side it's on
a large room so actually have a way out
you still got me half heart I like it I
don't think this run at any business
being as difficult as it got do you know
of course blame myself for that
that's what happens sometimes where you
go for the same scatter bombs
huh she we're getting like the the
dictionary definition of decent items
this guy's got to go first then
everything stems from that guy
thank you little haunt that's actually
little delirium now we get our tarot
card and as penance for struggling
through the back half of this run
they're going to give me the tarot card
of my dreams
Bob's rotten head my favorite tarot card
wonder what we're going to get from this
room it could be any kind of consumable
that explodes well that's not totally
true can also be an item that causes
explosions so like the world is our
oyster but you know I'm not a picky
eater I'm also not a rapper but I'm not
a picky item getter Wow give me whatever
you feel is right let's go Seraphim and
then actually a tarot card and it's the
ace of spades exactly what we needed
right now nothing could stop us it's
like Marie Antoinette said let them eat
keys I mean these are both pretty bad
you know what we should take thunder
thighs the extra HP may save us and we
didn't even get a speed downgrades I
figured we'd go down to like 1.7 but I
guess we were so far over the speed cap
that we we have some tolerance
all right so we are going to win here
and we made it look easy right right am
i right no probably not okay but that's
fine
no never in every life there is some
struggle so finish it then you'll get to
cuddle I don't know why I sing the song
with the none of unoffensive accents
it's Bobby McFerrin is an
english-speaking American I think so
first off oh hell yeah
secondly I think I do that to mask the
fact that I can't sing so if I put on a
funny voice it sort of makes me feel
like the caricature takes the precedence
over my lack of a singing ability no I'm
sorry
not going to do it hey thanks for
watching hope you enjoyed the episode
today if you did click the like button
how's that a great deal eat your
vegetables it'll only help you when you
get older take it from me and again
thanks for watching I hope you're having
a good afternoon evening or good night
morning those are the times of the day
subscribe if you enjoyed it it really
helps click the like button if you
enjoyed it really helps even more I'll
see you tomorrow and thanks for watching
[Music]